= Rack::UserAgent::Filter

Rack Middleware for filtering by user agent

== Use

Let's say you don't support IE6 and want to prevent IE6 users from accessing to your Rack app. You're in luck. Just add this to your Gemfile:
  
  gem "rack-useragent-filter", :require => "rack/useragent/filter"

  
  in config.ru:
  
  use Rack::UserAgent::Filter, [
    ["Internet Explorer", "7.0"]
  ]  
  
Done! From now on users with IE version lower than 7.0 will get a nice error message saying that their browsers need to be updated... Ok, ok, not so nice message, you can personalize it by passing custom message, as shown below:

  use Rack::UserAgent::Filter, [
    ["Internet Explorer", "7.0"]
  ], :custom_message => "You are using old browser..."

<em> What about not just one sentence message ? </em>

You can specify source url of template 

  use Rack::UserAgent::Filter, [
    ["Internet Explorer", "7.0"]
  ], :template => "http://www.example.com/not_supported.html"

<em> url should be valid http||https </em>

<em>- Cool!, what about something more dynamic... like ERB or HAML?</em>

Granted! You'll have to add to the config which template to use. In <tt>environment.rb</tt>:

  use Rack::UserAgent::Filter, [
    ["Internet Explorer", "7.0"]
  ], :template => File.dirname(__FILE__) + "/app/views/shared/upgrade.html.erb"
  
Then you could show the browser version as part of your message:

  Sorry but <%= "#{@browser.browser} #{@browser.version}" %> is not supported
  

<em>- But... what if IE6 user do wants to see how page looks like in his favourite browser?</em>

You can show button "I take full responsibility of using IE6. Let me in!". User clicks button and with some little help
of Javascript cookie named i.e: "deprecated_browser" is saved on user's disk.
Next time user hits application, middleware checks request for inclusion of cookie "deprecated_browser".
If it exists unsupported browsers detection is disabled for this user.

config.middleware.use "Rack::UserAgent::Filter", [
  ["Internet Explorer", "7.0"]
], :force_with_cookie => "deprecated_browser"

== Authors

* Tomasz Mazur <defkode@gmail.com>
* Sergio Gil <sgilperez@gmail.com>
* Luismi Cavallé <luismi@lmcavalle.com>

== Contributors

* Tomasz Mazur <defkode@gmail.com>
